tesla could potentially make more money
from its bitcoin
investment this year than profits from
electric cars in
all of 2020. what's your take on that
what
what's your bitcoin take and and the
fact that the price can just go up or
down based on a simple tweet from him
well look elon has tons of money and
he's
very sophisticated so you know i'm i
don't worry
that uh you know his bitcoin will sort
of randomly go up or down
i do think people get bought into these
manias who
may not have as much money to spare so
i'm not
uh bullish on bitcoin and you know
my general thought would be uh that
you know if you have less money than
elon you should probably
uh watch out why aren't you bullish on
bitcoin
it's it's look there are things we
invest in in society that produce output
uh bitcoin happens to use a lot of
energy
uh it happens to promote uh not
anonymous transactions they're not
reversible transactions
our the gates foundation does a lot in
terms of digital currency
uh but those are things where you can
see
who's making the transaction uh so
digital money is a good thing
uh and you know there's a different
approach
that's local currency and attributed and
you know deals with all the money
laundering and terrorism type
regulations
and yet gives you the very com the
convenience and the low cost of
transaction
uh and so you know our foundation is
very proud that in the pandemic a lot of
the countries
we funded to do this were able to get
money out to their citizens
very very efficiently so that's
something that
it's not got the visibility of bitcoin
but the move towards digital money
uh that we're very engaged in is a super
positive thing
uh that eventually will get to even the
poorest countries